Hi, everyone. Welcome back to the Story Time family. How are you today? Is it sunny where you are? It's quite nice here today, actually. I might just go out for a walk later. What are you gonna do? Thank you for sitting down and reading with us. Today, we have Sam's first word. By b birdsong and illustrated by Holly hatam. Let's get started. Sam's first word. There was once a newish baby. Her name was Sam. Sam could do many things. She could wave her arms and clap her hands, and take off her diaper. The big people in Sam's family were always excited when she did something new. They smile. They laugh. They cheered. You can do it. Go, Sam. And he wondered what she'll do next. Perhaps she will say her first word, they said, I hope you'll be mama, said mama. I hope you'll be papa, said papa. I hope you'll be Nana. I said Nana. I hope you'll be mister Theatopoulos, said mister Theatopoulos. He was in next door neighbor. Hoop, said Sam. But no one paid any attention. They were busy thinking about how to get what he wanted. I will sing a song for Sam, said Mama. Mama song has sixty three words. All of them were mama. Whoop, said Sam. She wave her hands to get mama's attention. But mama was too busy singing. I will tell Sam a story, said papa. Papa's story had two hundred and three words, all of them were papa. Poop, said Sam. She clapped her hands to get Papa's attention, but Papa was too busy telling his story. I will paint a picture for Sam's at Nana. She painted Nana eighty six times on the living room wall. Poop, said Sam. She pointed to her diaper. Nana didn't pay any attention because she had just remembered Sam couldn't read. I will recite a poem for Sam, said mister Deatopoulos? His poem had forty four words. Twenty two of them were mister. The other twenty two were The Atapoulos. As Sam didn't pay any attention, she was busy thinking about how to get what she wanted. She had tried waving her arms, She had tried clapping her hands. There was only one thing left to do. Poop. Sam announced. Mama stopped singing. Papa stop talking. Nana stopped painting. Mister Deatopoulos kept reciting his poem, but he lowered his voice. Oops, said mama, poops, said papa, poops, said Nana. Mister Theotokal has reached the end of his poem Hope, you agree. Sam smile. She laughed. She cheered and she wondered what she say next. Barnsworth. And that was the end of Sam's first word. What was your first word? Or have you said your first word? Leave us a comment, tell us about your first word. If you like a copy of this book, the links are in our description below. Do subscribe if you haven't and give us a like. Thank you so much for dropping by. We'll see you again soon. You take care of yourself and your family. Bye bye.